Database structure for the Zeitcoin network.

The Zeitcoin wallet will use SQLLite database to store transaction and other information peretaining to this program.  It will consist of two databases: transdaction.db which will hold the raw transaction blocks for all transaction on the netwok ans the zietcoin.db which will hold information pertaining to a specific wallet such as GUID, its local hashtable, etc.  Below will show the structure of the two databases.

Database: Zeitcoin.db - 
1)Table: hashtable (guid text, address text, port integer, flag integer, time real) - Will hold information of peers connected the network.  This table will be use to locate peers.
	Columns:
	guid - will be the unque id for a peer
	address - http address for the peer
	port - will be the port number for the peer
	flag - will be use to determine if the peer is active or inactive on the network
	time - will be a timestamp of the last activity of that peer
2) Table: localtrans (txid text, thash text, addresswallet text, addressother text, amount integer, type text, time real) - Will hold information on transactiom that is only pertaining to this wallet
	Columns:
	txid - Transaction hash ID 
	thash - Transaction scripting
	addresswallet - Address of the zeitcoin wallet involed in the transaction
	otheraddress - The other address that is involvec with this transaction
	amount - The amount of zeitcoins in this transaction
	type - Tells rather the transaction was sent or received
	time - Timestamp of the transaction
3)Table: Accounts (address text, privkey text, pubkey text, account text, time real) - This table hold all the accounts for this wallet
	Columns:
	address - Address of this account
	account - The name of this account
	privkey - The private key for this account
	pubkey - The public key for this account
	time - Timestamp that shows when this account was created
4)Table: leader (sharedkeys text, address text, port integer, guid text, time real) - This table will hold tempory data on the tour guides when it is in leader mode.
	Columna:
	sharedkeys - The public key of the tour guide
	address - The http address of the tour guide
	port - The port of the tour guide
	guid - The guid of the tour guide
	time - Timestamp this tour guide was created

Database: Transactions
1) Table: blocktrans (txid text, thash text, time real)
	Columns:
	txid - Transaction hash ID 
	thash - Transaction scripting
	time - Timestamp of the transaction

Note:When backing up your wallet.  Zeitcoin.db is the one you need to backup and secure.  If this is lost you will lose all coins associated with this wallet.  The transaction.db is common to all wallets on the network and can be downloaded again.

